ever since the market disconnected with
reality in 2009 we have witnessed
unrealistic and impressive gains within
particular us equities many people have
been attempting to buy into the index
and track the performance of the stock
market they lose why because the market
itself isn't doing well there are
particular stocks which have been
receiving fake printed currency and it
is those stocks which you need to invest
in in order to profit you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
today we are going to talk about
investing like a pro and I'm now talking
about the hedge funds as we look at this
here us household performance versus
hedge funds since 2003 and you can see
that the average US investor index here
has outperformed hedge funds and that
has resulted in very big problems as you
could see the US investor index versus
the hedge funds definitely a performance
difference here and why the hedge funds
are there to get you that performance to
take extra risk to bring you extra gains
but as I've covered recently over 1,000
hedge funds have shut down last year the
most in any year since the financial
crisis there has been a disconnection
between reality and everything that we
have seen within the not just us
equities but those in particular and I
would suggest to everyone that it is the
central banks which have provided their
printed currency and that has allowed
certain stocks to rise but how do we get
the investment tips investment advice
well everyone wants to know how do we do
it what's happening do we just invest in
the stock market that's not good enough
I am not a fan of paper assets myself at
this time but many people want to know
what to do so here it is if you want to
know what to do this is the strategy
this is the sec's website and you're
looking looking at a 13f okay so all of
the different corporations all of the
institutions in this case like the Swiss
National Bank have this public
information that is talking about all of
their purchases what they own okay so if
we track the uh for example in this case
the SNB you'll see this this is a
different website that sort of lines it
out all nice and clearly for us you can
see on the right hand side the 13f
holding
summary these are the stocks which the
Swiss National Bank prints up currency
and buys this is their top Holdings
Apple
Microsoft and Amazon and others okay so
these big companies we're talking about
billions of dollars
worth you can track their performance
you can see how much for example top
buys you can see what they're buying
right now when they're selling you can
do all that it isn't important to track
their 200 day moving averages 50-day
moving averages unless you're a type of
day trader who likes to bet within that
but if you're more of a longer term type
investor you want to keep it in there
for let's say a few months a few years
perhaps and you want to be able to get
those gains that you've been seeing in
the stock market well don't be fooled by
what you've seen within the technical
analysis because those are shortterm and
you may not be willing to do that you
may have a 9 to5 job and you can't exact
L trade 12 times within a particular day
let's look at the central banks and
realize that they've dropped interest
rates down to the bottom yes they've
increased to some degree but
historically this is extremely low and
the quantitative easing that's been
going on is a global phenomenon so you
can see that central banks are still
printing up money and they are still
engaging in trying to increase their
portfolios and they do so by buying us
equities being one of those um type of
Investments so look at this this is the
13f there are others I'll show you in a
moment and basically let's track the
performance of the central banks and
they will be the ones to tell us if this
is a good company to buy not because
it's
fundamentals not because it has a future
it has a potential no simply because
fake printed money is being printed up
pushed out there onto the markets and
buying equities directly but let's get
more into this here other things to look
at this right here is called Holdings
Channel and this will give you an idea
of what people are buying right now or
cor corporations are buying it isn't
really important to see what your friend
down the street is buying or what Jim
Kramer is buying we need to look at the
big money that's central banks and
that's major corporations which in the
case of birkshire Hathaway and Goldman
Sachs and
others we can see that they're buying up
for example I just use apple as the
example you could see that they're
buying this up to the tune of billions
and billions of dollars worth their
performance means a lot your Barber just
bought you know $2,000 worth of Apple
that doesn't really make a difference
although it tells you something about
what's happening birkshire hathway one
of the companies that benefited from the
financial crisis afterwards birkshire
for instance is the largest shareholder
in Wells Fargo who got
$25 billion 91% of the tarp funds
invested in institutions headquarter in
California they received big big money
because of that because of the failure
they got that bail out and indirectly
Burkshire Hathaway Warren Buffett were
was was able to benefit from that okay
that's important to note because you and
I don't get those bailouts we need to
understand the companies that are
getting those bailouts either directly
or indirectly they're the ones that will
benefit they're the ones that are in my
opinion the riskiest but let's just go
back to this for a moment Holdings
Channel you can type in any of these
different stocks you could see a lot of
which are the stocks that are being
bought which are being sold and these
are all based on the public information
there you don't need to guess you don't
need to talk to some special advisor you
can see these for yourself so do that
don't trust anybody else just do it for
yourself don't look at the technical 200
day moving averages and all that stuff
because the average individual shouldn't
be looking at that I mean we're talking
about trading many many times within a
day and I assure you I assure you the
algorithms the computer programs are a
lot faster and a lot smarter than you
are so don't try to do that if you think
that apple is the way to go then look if
the big companies and the central banks
are printing up money to buy it maybe
you should buy it that's the way I look
at it anyway if you're willing to take
the risk on paper assets you're willing
to invest in these immoral corporations
please do so using this strategy country
sector and rating classification of the
cspp Holdings what are we talking about
here is the ecb's program to buy garbage
debt from companies they do so
essentially propping these companies up
they can create a lot of debt they can
have really bad corporations that are
just just giving off their money burning
through the cash taking on all this debt
and it doesn't matter because the ECB
will buy it up they're not allowed to do
so but they just did it anyway because
of course the market would collapse so
this has been a problem ever since let's
say 2011 12 area and then it has
accelerated in recent years but as long
as you buy the garbage debt nothing will
be ever wrong so let's look at this look
at the corporations that they have been
buying into so what you can do is you
can do a little search online type in
cspp Holdings I've covered it here I
believe it was UBS and I showed it here
uh in a previous video UBS who outlined
every single one of the Holdings from
this cspp you can see that all it is
public and you can note which companies
have been receiving the most amount of
money from the ECB who's buying you know
who has the most debt that's being
purchased by the ECB and that is a good
indicator of a company that's basically
getting bailed out consistently should
they pull back on the cspp then it's
time maybe okay maybe I don't want to
keep my money there anymore maybe
they're willing to you know let the
market Fall a bit that's another
strategy let's look at the bailouts that
are happening and we will Define who
will rise or at least who maybe will be
allowed to to stay alive and last but
not least the strategy here is that
everything is awesome you never have to
worry about the Dismal performance of
the stock markets because the Federal
Reserve will be the lender of Last
Resort they will print the currency into
worthless confetti and you can best be
sure that this will result in the
Everything Is Awesome strategy that no
matter how B bad things are you'll
always have the Fed if you found this
video informative please give me a
thumbs up if you like my sarcasm please
give me a thumbs up as well and if you
don't like the video if you hate my face
if you think I'm stupid give me a thumbs
down I love those two and if you're
interested in more information I know
you'll love my books my books talk about
two different subjects here when the
money GPS basically about the four asset
classes and how to profit from them
whereas by the way there's information
about stocks in there my new book talks
about familiar Concepts but I get into
things like self-sufficiency reducing
your monthly expenses and trying to do
away with the monetary system as a whole
so that's if you're interested the links
are in the description below take care